# Assignment 3 (due 3/3)
> Benzon Carlitos Salazar

## Description

In this project stage you will write code to do matching. Inputs are the two tables A and B in Projects 1 and 2, output 
would be table C containing the tuple pairs judged likely to match. Table C must be in the format described as follows:
1. First, the table C must be in CSV format and it must contain at least three attributes:
	- an attribute named "ID" that uniquely identifies the tuple pair in C. That is, it will be the key attribute of 
	table C. You will have to generate this (e.g., by keeping a counter and increasing the counter by 1 for each tuple 
	pair, then use the counter value as the ID value for the tuple pair). 
	- an attribute name "ltable_id", where the suffix 'id' is the key attribute of table A. For example, if the key 
	attribute of table A is "ssn", then this attribute name will be "ltable_ssn" (without the quotes, of course).
	- an attribute name "rtable_id" where the suffix 'id' is the key attribute of table B. 

*Example*: Let's say that table C contains a tuple pair (x,y) where tuple x comes from Table A and has the value 15 for 
its id attribute, and tuple y comes from table B and has the value 26 for its id attribute. Then the tuple pair (x,y) 
can be represented in Table C using a tuple like this: 

``` text
18, 15, 26
```

where 18 is the id of this tuple pair in Table C (recall that this id value is generated by you), 15 is the id of tuple 
x in Table A, and 26 is the id of tuple y in Table B. Note that with the id values 15 and 26, we can completely look up 
x and y (given Tables A and B).

To create the above table, first create a header line describing the above three attributes. That is, the header line 
should look like this: 

```
ID, ltable_id, rtable_id
```

where 'id' should be replaced with the proper attribute name (as discussed above). Next, generate the tuples for Table C, 
one tuple per row, in a way that conforms to typical CSV format (e.g., the values in the tuple are separated by commas, 
etc.). The same guidelines (to specify data in CSV format) mentioned for table A and B applies to table C. 

*Example*: Table C may look like this:

``` text
ID,ltable_ID,rtable_ID 
0,a1,b1 
1,a1,b2 
2,a1,b6 
3,a3,b1
```

Here, "ID" is the name of the key attribute for Table A, and is also the name of the key attribute for Table B. 

2. You can add more attributes to the tuples of Table C. If you add an attribute from Table A, you must prefix its name 
with 'ltable_', and if you add an attribute from Table B, prefix its name with 'rtable_'.   

*Example*: If we decide to include all attributes from Tables A and B in Table C, then Table C may look like this:  

``` text
ID,ltable_ID,rtable_ID,ltable_name,ltable_hourly_wage,ltable_zipcode,rtable_name,rtable_hourly_wage,rtable_zipcode
0,a1,b1,Kevin Smith,30.0,94107,Mark Levene,29.5,94107
1,a1,b2,Kevin Smith,30.0,94107,Bill Bridge,32.0,94107
2,a1,b6,Kevin Smith,30.0,94107,Michael Brodie,32.5,94107
3,a3,b1,William Bridge,32.0,94107,Mark Levene,29.5,94107
```

You will be making decision on the matching rules and how you compare matchers to match two tuples from two files.

## Deliverables for this step

- code to do matching
- table C as described above.
- a file called matching-explanation.pdf that explains in plain English how you performed matching. Specifically, you 
have to answer at least the following questions:
	1. What are the algorithms that you have used for Matching?
	2. What problems did you see?
	3. Report the size of table A, the size of table B, the total number of tuple pairs in the Catersian product of A 
	and B, and the total number of tuple pairs in the table C.
	4. Did you have to do any cleaning or additional information extraction on tables A and B?  

